emitter/README.md, before:

# Caast Emitter

Caast emitter is a pixel tracking javascript library allowing you to easily send purchased items on your purchase page. It will allow you to send qualified data to Caast in order to properly identify your ROI.

!> The Caast Emitter Library is not yet available. Nevertheless the documentation is matching the current work in progress.

## Getting started

```javascript
(function (c, a, A, s, t, j, S) {
  "caastEmitter" in c ||
    ((c.caastEmitter = function () {
      c.caastEmitter.q.push(arguments);
    }),
    (c.caastEmitter.q = []));
  (j = a.createElement(A)), (S = a.getElementsByTagName(A)[0]);
  j.src = s;
  j.async = 1;
  S.parentNode.insertBefore(j, S);
})(
  window,
  document,
  "script",
  "https://cdn.caast.tv/caast-latest/caastEmitter.js",
  "caastEmitter"
);
caastEmitter("init", {
  "APP-ID": "MY_APP_ID",
  "APP-KEY": "MY_APP_KEY",
});
```

## Track purchase

Once caastEmitter is instanciated, you can invoke this method to send to Caast purchase informations.

```javascript
caastEmitter("track", {
  total: 499,
  products: [
    { id: "1", quantity: 1, price: 100 },
    { id: "2", quantity: 1, price: 399 },
  ],
});
```

## Data properties

| Clé de propriété | Type de valeur   | Description du paramètre                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| products         | array of objects | Array of json objects with the unique product identifier referenced in caast's registered products, you can also specify `quantity` and `price`, price will refer to product price, not total price based on price \* quantity. _Obligatoire_: `id` et `quantity`. Exemple : `[{'id': 'ABC123', 'quantity': 2, 'price': 119.99}]` |
| total            | integer or float | Total value of the purchase operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| total_items      | integer          | Total items in the purchase                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Commit message:

(doc): add details on the caast emitter init method

emitter/README.md, after:

# Caast Emitter

Caast emitter is a pixel tracking javascript library allowing you to easily send purchased items on your purchase page. It will allow you to send qualified data to Caast in order to properly identify your ROI.

!> The Caast Emitter Library is not yet available. Nevertheless the documentation is matching the current work in progress.

## Getting started

```javascript
(function (c, a, A, s, t, j, S) {
  "caastEmitter" in c ||
    ((c.caastEmitter = function () {
      c.caastEmitter.q.push(arguments);
    }),
    (c.caastEmitter.q = []));
  (j = a.createElement(A)), (S = a.getElementsByTagName(A)[0]);
  j.src = s;
  j.async = 1;
  S.parentNode.insertBefore(j, S);
})(
  window,
  document,
  "script",
  "https://cdn.caast.tv/caast-latest/caastEmitter.js",
  "caastEmitter"
);
caastEmitter("init", {
  "APP-ID": "MY_APP_ID",
  "APP-KEY": "MY_APP_KEY",
});
```

## Caast strict mode

You can also decide to push to Caast API only the products related to the ones you have in our system. Adding `onlyCaastProducts: true` on the `init` method, will perform a check on the `products` key defined in the track method. With this parameter, we will only register purchase items if they containe one of our product. In this way, you can be sure that purchase which are non-related to Caast, won't be registered in our database.

## Track purchase

Once caastEmitter is instanciated, you can invoke this method to send to Caast purchase informations.

```javascript
caastEmitter("track", {
  total: 499,
  products: [
    { id: "1", quantity: 1, price: 100 },
    { id: "2", quantity: 1, price: 399 },
  ],
});
```

## Data properties

| Clé de propriété | Type de valeur   | Description du paramètre                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| products         | array of objects | Array of json objects with the unique product identifier referenced in caast's registered products, you can also specify `quantity` and `price`, price will refer to product price, not total price based on price \* quantity. _Obligatoire_: `id` et `quantity`. Exemple : `[{'id': 'ABC123', 'quantity': 2, 'price': 119.99}]` |
| total            | integer or float | Total value of the purchase operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| total_items      | integer          | Total items in the purchase                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
